Initial Feedback (#1)
uniswapfoundation/v4-doc-drafts: reference-library/BalanceDelta.md

# BalanceDelta

> `BalanceDelta` is a type used in Uniswap V4 to represent the balance changes of two tokens (token0 and token1) in a single `int256` value. It is designed to efficiently store and manipulate these balance deltas, with the upper 128 bits representing the change in token0 (`amount0`) and the lower 128 bits representing the change in token1 (`amount1`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BalanceDelta` is a type used in Uniswap V4 to represent the balance changes of two tokens (token0 and token1). It tightly packs the two values in a single 256 bits. It is designed to efficiently store and manipulate these balance deltas, with the upper 128 bits representing the change in token0 (`amount0`) and the lower 128 bits representing the change in token1 (`amount1`).
```

Reviewer 2: the BalanceDelta portion has been the hardest one for me to understand so thanks for these explanations.

| balanceDelta | BalanceDelta | The `BalanceDelta` value             |

Returns the extracted `amount0` value as an `int128`.

### amount1

```solidity
function amount1(BalanceDelta balanceDelta) internal pure returns (int128 _amount1);
```

Extracts the `amount1` value from a `BalanceDelta`.

| Param Name   | Type         | Description                          |
|--------------|--------------|--------------------------------------|
| balanceDelta | BalanceDelta | The `BalanceDelta` value             |

Returns the extracted `amount1` value as an `int128`.

## Usage in Hooks

When a hook is called during a swap or liquidity modification, it can perform custom logic and interact with the pool's balances. However, to maintain the correctness of the pool's state, the hook must ensure that any balance changes it introduces are properly accounted for and net to zero.

The hook can use the `amount0` and `amount1` functions of `BalanceDeltaLibrary` to extract the individual balance deltas for each token from the `BalanceDelta` value. It can then perform its custom logic, update the balances accordingly, and create a new `BalanceDelta` value representing the net balance changes.

> At the end of the hook's execution, the `BalanceDelta` value should have `amount0` and `amount1` both equal to zero, indicating that the hook did not introduce any net balance changes. If the `BalanceDelta` value is non-zero, it means that the hook has modified the balances in an unexpected way, and the pool's integrity may be compromised.

Reviewer: a bit misleading on a few fronts

1) balance deltas are not checked at the end of *hook* execution

2) hooks can modify the balances

---

generally i think you change this section to say that BalanceDeltas are forwarded to afterSwap and afterLiquidity functions
